We currently support installing on Debian 5.0 Lenny and Ubuntu 11.10 systems.

h2. Install rubygems

To get access to the binaries provided by rails and other gems you need to extend your PATH.

<pre>
export PATH=/var/lib/gems/1.8/bin:$PATH
</pre>

<pre>
sudo apt-add-repository ppa:huerlisi/ppa
</pre>

Now install the rubygems package:

<pre>
sudo apt-get install rubygems
</pre>

h2. Install Ruby'n'Rails

bookyt is developed and tested using Rails 3.1 and Ruby 1.8. It currently won't work with Ruby 1.9, but it should only
be small fixes. Patches welcome!

Install packages to support installing rails:

<pre>
sudo apt-get install irb ruby libruby-extras sqlite3 libsqlite3-dev libmysqlclient-dev libxml2-dev libxslt-dev ruby-dev build-essential
sudo apt-get install sphinxsearch
</pre>

Install rails using gem:

<pre>
sudo gem install rake bundler
</pre>

h2. Install bookyt

Install current bookyt from git repository. We'll use this checkout as working directory from now on:

<pre>
git clone http://github.com/huerlisi/bookyt.git
cd bookyt
mkdir -p tmp log
</pre>

Install dependency gems:

<pre>
bundle
</pre>

Setup database:

Copy database.yml.example to database.yml and edit as needed. While you may use the SQLite3 database, it has some issues
with date handling. It's sometimes giving strange amounts in account views for opening balance etc.

<pre>
cp config/database.yml.example config/database.yml
</pre>

Initialize the database:

<pre>
bundle exec rake db:setup
</pre>

To print invoices wkhtmltopdf needs to be installed (download manually to /urs/local/bin)
