h1. bookyt

bookyt is a simple but powerful financial accounting software.

h2. About bookyt

bookyt is a web application implementing double-entry bookkeeping providing:

* Customizable accounts
* Booking wizard
* Booking templates
* Earnings report
* Balance sheet
* Invoicing
* Accounts Receivable
* Accounts Payable
* Employee expense voucher
* Depreciation
* Setting up tax tables

bookyt is built on "Ruby On Rails":http://www.rubyonrails.org and released as "Open Source":http://www.opensource.org.

h2. Documentation

Documentation is maintained in a "Wiki":http://redmine.cyt.ch/projects/bookyt/wiki.

* "Installation":http://redmine.cyt.ch/projects/bookyt/wiki/Installation

h2. Contributing

Code is available at "github":http://github.com/huerlisi/bookyt.

Issue tracking is done using "Redmine":http://redmine.cyt.ch/projects/bookyt/issues.

To get an idea on what we're currently focus on visit the "Roadmap":http://redmine.cyt.ch/projects/bookyt/roadmap.

Find out what we want to do next on "Sprints":http://redmine.cyt.ch/projects/bookyt/wiki/Sprints

To get to know what bookyt should cover see "User Stories":http://redmine.cyt.ch/projects/bookyt/wiki/User_Stories

h2. License

Read the "human-readable summary":http://creativecommons.org/licenses/GPL/2.0 to get an idea
of your right to use this software.

Copyright 2007-2011 Simon Hürlimann <simon.huerlimann@cyt.ch>
Copyright 2010-2011 Ramon Egloff <ramon.egloff@cyt.ch>
Copyright 2010-2011 Roman Simecek <roman.simecek@cyt.ch>

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License
as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2
of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301,
USA.
